- [Interviewer] We are going to create
a Angular service class to encapsulate logic
for making http requests.
We can use the Angular CLI to do this.
Let's check out angular.io/cli/generate.
The ng generate class can help you generate
all kinds of different components you may need.
Now let's open up a terminal.
Let's navigate to the reservation app directory.
And then execute the following command.
Ng generate service reservation.
This will generate our service class
and a spec unit test.
Now let's move over to IntelliJ.
Let's open up the file reservation.service.ts.
This file contains the service skeleton.
Now let's open up app.component.ts.
Let's migrate the HttpClient from the component
to the service.
Let's select line three, the import for HttpClient,
use command x for cut,
and then past it into the reservation service.
We can use command x for cut from the lines 13 to 16,
including the constructor in the constants
for the reservation rest API URL.
And migrate those over to the reservation service.
Now let's update the constructor on the component.
Type in constructor,
private reservation service,
colon, reservation service as the type,
and then let's also import it.
Let's type in import,
curly braces,
reservation service,
from dot forward slash, reservation service.
Don't forget the dot between reservation and service.
And a semi colon at the end.
Cool that's it.
Now we have the HttpClient,
wired into our ReservationService,
and we could use the ReservationService
in our component to make the http calls we need
to our back end rest API.